1) Is it really relevant to express the results (sensitivities, specificities, accuracies) with 5 significant digits (or with 3 decimals)? If you test your algorithm with other datasets, you will most likely get different results, so there is no sence to express the results with 5 significant digits.

2) Figures have low resolution. The labels and the units of Figures 2-3 are missing.
p
3) The last paragraph of the introduction ("This article is organized as follows: ... ") is possibly unnecessary since the article follows the standard stucture of scientific presentation.

WTF? Porque não?

4) Provide the information on the proportion of the apnea epochs in the source data (e.g. " XX % of the data was annotated as apnea-related events").

5)  What do the authors mean with the following phrases: 
 *  Page 3, column 2,  approx line. 40:  "The median ﬁlter is a nonlinear ﬁlter and the most commonly used method for signal processing. ..." 
 * Page 4, column 1 , lines 27-28:  "The most commonly used method is the Teager Energy
Operator (TEO) ...."
Do the authors have some references to support that these methods are most commonly used or are these the opinions of the authors ?

6) The sensitivity and the specificity depent on the partition value of the classifier output. How did you define the partition values of different classifier outputs? Have you considered to provide the AUC values (Area Under (ROC) Curve  [ROC=receiver operating characteristics]) which is independent on the partition value ?

7) Tables VII and VIII: Why are not the maximum values in bold font as in other Tables ?

8) Conclusions: "When the same classiﬁers were presented
with 84 features, the best classiﬁcation was achieved by the
SVM classiﬁer, with an accuracy of 73.968%, a sensitivity of
60.112% and a speciﬁcity of 82.384%. " --> What does make this classifier better than the classifier having C-constant of 8 in Table XIII ? The classifier having C=8 in Table XIII has the following metrics:  [SENSITIVITY, SPECIFICITY; ACCURACY] = [84.782 %, 59.032%,  74.815%]. This same issue is at the end of the Results-section.

9) Could you provide some statistics how much the performances of different classifiers varied between different test subjects ? This not necessary reasonable for all the studied combinations, but it could be interesting to e.g. best-performing classifiers.

10) Page 3, column 1, lines 29-46: Is it relevant to discuss about linear high-pass filtering if the authors utilize non-linear median filter based high-pass filtering ?
